c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\WinApp.xr.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\WinApp.exe
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\WinApp.pdb
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\WinApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windows.ads.wp81.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windowsPhone.ads.mediation.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\VungleSDK.winmd
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\ExtendedProgressRing.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Microsoft.AdMediator.WindowsPhone81.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.winmd
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Microsoft.AdMediator.Core.dll
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windows.ads.wp81.pdb
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windows.ads.wp81.pri
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windowsPhone.ads.mediation.pdb
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windowsPhone.ads.mediation.pri
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\ExtendedProgressRing.pri
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\bin\ARM\Debug\Microsoft.Advertising.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\WinApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\WinApp.exe
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\WinApp.pdb
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\WinApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windows.ads.wp81.pri.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\com.vmax.windowsPhone.ads.mediation.pri.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\ExtendedProgressRing.pri.xml
c:\users\mobitech\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WinApp\WinApp\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
